Add multi select pattern documentation (#1938)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/patterns/table-multi-select/partials/guidelines/guidelines.md

The Helios Table [multi-select functionality](/components/table#multi-select) supports performing bulk actions and and selection of one or more rows within a Table

![Example of Table multi-select in context](/assets/patterns/table-multi-select/multi-select-preview-image.png)

!!! Info

> These guidelines are meant to help and inform teams design and build Tables that have bulk editing and bulk selection functionality. There currently aren’t Ember or Figma components to support this pattern, but it can be composed using a combination HDS components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These guidelines are meant to assist teams in designing and building Tables that have bulk editing and selection functionality. Currently there aren’t Ember or Figma components to support these advanced patterns, but they can be composed using a combination of HDS components.
```

!!!

## Selected count

> Display the **selected count** to communicate how many rows or results have been selected in the _entire_ data set. This includes rows that are outside of the current view in the Table (e.g., in a different page if using [Pagination](/components/pagination)), and should be represented using a numerical value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Display the **selected count** to communicate how many rows or results have been selected in the _entire_ data set. This includes Table rows that are outside of the current view (e.g., in a different page if using [Pagination](/components/pagination)), and should be represented using a numerical value.
```

![Example of the selected count](/assets/patterns/table-multi-select/selected-count.png)

Pair this with a **message** to clearly communicate that a selection has been made. This can be a simple generic message stating "{selected count} selected", or can be more specific to the type of object in the data set (e.g., a user, cluster, workspace, etc).

![Generic and specific messaging](/assets/patterns/table-multi-select/types-of-messages.png)

## Total count

If technically feasible, communicate the selected count as a portion of the **total count**, or total number of results in the Table. This can give the user a better overall snapshot of what they have selected and how the selection compares to the entire data set. This can also more effectively communicate that there may be results that are selected across multiple pages.

![Total count of items and count of selected items](/assets/patterns/table-multi-select/total-count-selected-count.png)

## Bulk actions

> The act of selecting multiple results in a Table implies that the the user wants to edit, remove, or transform these results in some way. Consolidate these actions in a `small` [Dropdown](/components/dropdown) inline with the selected count, message, and total count.

Author: I've made this more concise and pointed.

![Editing results in a Modal](/assets/patterns/table-multi-select/multi-select-edit-modal.png)

### Deleting results

Deleting or performing destructive actions on results should use an additional confirmation to ensure that only the intended results are affected. Use a `critical` [Modal](/components/modal) to communicate the number of results affected and what consequences might occur from deletion.

![Deleting results in a Modal](/assets/patterns/table-multi-select/multi-select-delete-modal.png)

## Bulk selection

Bulk selection is global in scope, meaning that all results in the data set are affected, even those outside of the current view. Consolidate these functions in a Dropdown paired with bulk actions.

_Note:_ This type of selection is **not** a replacement for the selection in the header of the Table. Where the selection is made implies a different [scope](/patterns/table-multi-select?tab=interaction%20concepts#selection-scope) and is handled by different UI elements.

Examples of bulk selection include:

> - **Select all:** select all of the results in a data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Select all:** Select all of the results in a data set.
```

> - **Reset selection:** take the current selected results and deselect them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Reset selection:** Take the current selected results and deselect them.
```

> - **Select inverse:** deselect the currently selected results, select those that are currently deselected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Select inverse:** Deselect the currently selected results; select those that are currently deselected.
```
